Now the fun part, choosing our processing elements.
Here's our problem statement.
Our data destination is OLAP ecosystem that consists of a data warehouse, a server.
Our use cases are business reporting,
creation of historical sales trends.
Our relevant data producers in this case will be,
OLTP DB, that holds transaction data,
simply accounting, that has transaction financial data,
just sale, that holds marketing campaign data.
Our source data is batch data.
Our use case is also of batch data.
So as you might have guessed,
we are going to use batch processing.
Our source data is structured,
and as discussed, badge.
In this case, the processing pipeline that will work best for us will be ETL.
Just putting the pieces together,
here is what our data pipeline will look like.
We have data sources,
OLTP DB, simply accounting DB, just sale DB.
We have our ETL processes running,
we have data being loaded in OLAP.
Data from OLAP warehouse goes to OLAP server.
From there, it is used for business reporting and building historical sales trend